
\section{Related Work}
\label{sec:related}

Efforts to characterize the frequency and type of correctable and uncorrectable
failures on large-scale HPC and cloud systems have been ongoing for over a
decade now.  Schroeder and Gibson studied failures in supercomputer systems at
LANL~\cite{Schroeder:2006:Large-scale}.  Schroeder {\it et al.}~conducted a
large-scale field study using Google's server fleet~\cite{Schroeder09}.  Li {\it
et al.}~studied memory errors on three different data sets, including a server
farm of an Internet service provider~\cite{Li07}.  In 2010, Li {\it et
al.}~published an expanded study of memory errors at an Internet server farm and
other data center sources~\cite{Li10}.  Hwang {\it et al.}~published an expanded
study on Google's server fleet, as well as two IBM Blue Gene
clusters~\cite{Hwang12}.  Sridharan and Liberty presented a study of DRAM
failures in a high-performance computing system~\cite{Sridharan12}.  El-Sayed
{\it et al.}~studied temperature effects of DRAM in data center
environments~\cite{Elsayed12}.  Similarly, Siddiqua {\it et al.}~studied DRAM
failures from client and server systems~\cite{Siddiqua13}.  Sridharan {\it et
al.}~studied DRAM and SRAM faults, with a focus on positional and vendor
effects~\cite{Sridharan13}.  Di Martino {\it et al.}~studied failures in Blue
Waters, an HPC system at the University of Illinois,
Urbana-Champaign~\cite{bluewaters}.  Finally, Bautista-Gomez {\it et
al.}~\cite{Bautista-Gomez:2016:Unprotected} presented a study of DRAM memory
errors on a large-scale system in the explicit absence of an ECC in an effort
understand the behavior of raw memory failures.

\kbf{Add letters paper and other SMM mode papers}

Our study has origins in previous works that characterizes application behavior
in the presence of OS
noise~\cite{Ferreira:2008:Characterizing,Hoefler:2010:Characterizing}.
Collectively, this research shows that the pattern of OS noise events determines
the impact on application performance and the benefits of coordination.
Moreover, it shows that the duration of an OS noise event can significantly
slowdown application performance.

\kbf{Add paragraph outlining distinction of this work}
